[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-nfs-reclaiming-resources.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nfs-reclaiming-resources_{context}"]

> = Resource reclamation
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> NFS implements the {product-title} `Recyclable` plugin interface. Automatic processes handle reclamation tasks based on policies set on each persistent volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can release NFS shares to allow them to be reclaimed.

NFS implements the {product-title} `Recyclable` plugin interface. Automatic processes handle reclamation tasks based on policies set on each persistent volume.
```

[id="nfs-reclaiming-resources_{context}"]

> = Reclaiming resources

Reviewer 2: Gerund needs to be changed since it isn't procedure.
